# DeviceConnect: Frequently Asked Questions

&NewLine;
&NewLine;
<details>
<summary><b>What is the size of DeviceConnect SDK?</b></summary>

The size of the SDK is ~300 kB which is integrated in the lending application.
</details>
` `
` `
<details>
<summary><b>What OS does the DeviceConnect SDK support? (Android/IOS/Web)?</b></summary>

The SDK is currently available only in Android.
</details>
<br>
<br>
<details>
<summary><b>What platforms does the DeviceConnect SDK support?</b></summary>

The SDK currently supports Java, Kotlin, React Native, Flutter, Cordova, Ionic Angular, and Ionic Capacitor.
</details>
<br>
<br>
<details>
<summary><b>How many processes are involved in the integration of DeviceConnect SDK? How much time is required for each process?</b></summary>

There are 2 processes involved.
<br>

| Process                       | Time Required                                             |
|-------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| SDK integration               | 1 day  (Provided all required permissions are available)  |
| Server-to-server integration  | 1 day                                                     |
</details>
<br>
<br>
<details>
<summary><b>Does the DeviceConnect SDK require constant maintenance or post-integration efforts?</b></summary>

No. Once integrated, the DeviceConnect SDK functions on its own.
</details>
<br>
<br>
<details>
<summary><b>What are the permissions absolutely necessary for the effective performance of DeviceConnect SDK? How to gain the permissions that are relevant to the working of the SDK from Google?</b></summary>

For the effective performance of DeviceConnect SDK, read SMS permission and Apps list permission is required. With each permission available, the performance of the SDK improves.
<br>
<br>
FinBox will assist you in obtaining all the relevant permissions (SMS, Location, Device Metadata, Apps) from Google.
</details>
<br>
<br>
<details>
<summary><b>Is the presence of a privacy policy mandatory on the permission screen?</b></summary>

Yes, the presence of links to the privacy policy of both FinBox and the Partner needs to be present on the permission screen or in the ‘Privacy Policy’ section. This is a requirement by the RBI and is also essential for Google approval process.
</details>
<br>
<br>
<details>
<summary><b>Does the DeviceConnect SDK provide a permission screen?</b></summary>

No, the permission screen has to be developed by the partner according to their UI. FinBox provides all the relevant content and expertise. There is no UI element attached to DeviceConnect product.
</details>
<br>
<br>
<details>
<summary><b>What all data is collected from device and sent to FinBox by DeviceConnect SDK?</b></summary>

The DeviceConnect SDK accesses only anonymized data which includes non-PII transactional SMS, location data, and apps data from the user’s device based on the granted permissions.
</details>
<br>
<br>
<details>
<summary><b>How to get the keys, credentials and version number for DeviceConnect?</b></summary>

FinBox will communicate the keys and credentials after relevant processing between the parties. For more information, [Contact Us](mailto:biz@finbox.in).
</details>
<br>
<br>
<details>
<summary><b>How to get the list of features generated by DeviceConnect SDK?</b></summary>

FinBox will share the list of features after initial discussions. For more details about this, [Contact Us](mailto:biz@finbox.in).
</details>
<br>
<br>
<details>
<summary><b>How to generate salt?</b></summary>

Salt is required for authentication and the generation details are under available under [Salt Generation](/device-connect/salt-generation.html) section
</details>
` `
` `
In case of any questions, feel free to [Contact Us](mailto:biz@finbox.in).
